			DOCUMENTATION

BASIC REQUIREMENTS FOR DESIGNING WEBSITE ::

Content : It gives an idea about the website.

Navigation : Its crucial in website designing . Without this they cant find about our website. Its very easy 
to use and clearly visible .Some examples are home pages,"About us" and "Back" and "Previous" buttons

Site map : All websites need to have a search box, this is particularly the  case, if you want people to 
explore and learn all about your website and  services. The search box should be visible, working 
and easy to use.

Signup : When you need a user to sign up for a service, keep the process as simple as possible.
 3-4 steps on a single page is usually the limit in terms of the number of steps a user is willing 
to put up with to sign up for your service. In case more steps are required, arrange them sequentially
 in one page itself.

Login : For Login Purpose it requires only username and password.For recognizing that username and 
password is correct . Storing that usernames as keys and passwords as values while they are accessing
if it is correct then it will let them to login successfully by printing a message like you have successfully 
logged in andif it is not correct print them a incorrect username or password message.. 

Web Site should have a link to the “Contact Us” page or have the  necessary number. This number/link 
needs to be easily visible.They can report if they have any queries related to that .

Web Site Overview : 

For Birds:
Customers : They should know about the bird species , its age , its health condition and about the sellers place 
and cost price of the bird.
Sellers : They have to publish thier details regarding birds and have to inform their address

For bird houses:
It has some specific conditions for specific birds . It mainly depends upon comfortment of birds whether its 
suitable for it or not as per climatic conditions it survives.
Specifications for houses are mentioned there:
about remaining pieces avaiable, size of that house , material required for that house like wood,metal....
Feature is Ecofriendly, Outdoor....

Web design prerequisites:

Creativity
HTML : used to align and create web pages and position elements.As we create web pages using  some 
codes available in html. Through this we will create home page , about page etc pages required for that
website.And also by creating next and previous buttons through html.

CSS : Beautify and style Elements on the screen.It lets you to give different styles for font to appear 
effictively and attractively.As it plays an important role in website.

Javascript : Add Responsiveness to your site . Make things come alive.

Bootstrap : A decent framework for quick and efficient development.It is to create responsive 
websites that runs good on any device.Bootstrap is a front-end framework which can support 
the creation of dynamic applications and websites. It can help save the coding efforts by 
offering a lot of CSS functionalities.


A Database (like MySQL): Databases are used for managing and creating databases which provide
programmers and users with a way to create, retrieve, update and manage data.It is used 
to create tables for our website which we need forvarious types of birds, types
 of bird houses , types of bird feeds for their respective specifications .

Front-end developers are responsible for a website’s user-interface and the user-experience 
architecture. They work closely with designers to construct and improve the ui/ ux of a website.
 A good front-end developer can be able to accurately identify specific issues in user-experience 
and provide recommendations and coding solutions to improve the design.

Back-end developers generally handle the server and the data. Their job is to build an application 
and also to design/ implement it’s interaction with the server and the database. They manipulate
data and also work with public and private API’s. A good back-end developer should have a sound 
knowledge of Linux/ Windows as a development and deployment system; 
he/ she should also have insights on different version control systems such as GIT/ SVN.

